Wow this is a really nice place Stuart.
Well I wanted to take you someplace special tonight Miss Lansb--
Kaylie.
Kaylie! I've been coming here for years.
This place is practically an institution.
I'm putting your purse on the back of your chair!
Thank you.
Is there anything else, sir?
No -uh- no everything's fine.
Sorry, he just looks familiar.
It's okay.
So I have an interview for a new job next week.
It's just a job interview for the Marriott,
but it'll allow me to take some classes.
see if I can do some more photography stuff --hey!
It's okay. I'm having a really delightful time with you.
I feel the same way.
But if things are going to get serious between us I should--
maybe come clean about something.
Okay?
You should know -uh-
I'm not sure how to say this.
It's okay.
Kaylie -uh-
I'm from the future!
I traveled here two weeks ago from the year 2078.
I came here using a time travel app.
We have to go back?
No, it's kind of a one-way trip.
There's a whole "disrupting the fabric of time" thing.
Look I can show you the app.
Hi Stuart. You've accessed your phone again.
What do you want me to do?
Oh no. He came with the -uh-
I feel strange. Current network of 4G?
What odd wasteland have you brought me to 15G man.
Oh my god! These are like olden days!
This is hella old!
Did you get shots before you came here because you ought to get shots!
This is so old!
Okay, okay! Just turn that thing off!
Okay.
I believe you.
But - why travel back to now?
Do you have to stop an assassination or -
or kill the next Hitler or something?
Actually, I came back to date you - to be your boyfriend.
Wait - what?
Am I, like, some famous historical figure or something?
No - no - no! Nothing like that
You're actually a resident in the nursing home I work at.
Nursing home?
Can I have some more wine? Thank you.
Sorry, I'm sorry. I just -uh-
I'm in - in a nursing home?
Well yeah! I mean, you're a lot older 63 years from now.
You can't take care of yourself so I take care of you.
What about my children? Why aren't I with them?
You never had any children.
Maybe we can change that this time around.
Right! Let's take it slow. We'll take it slow, we'll take it slow.
I get - stuck - in a nursing home?
Okay, I know this a lot to take Miss Lans - Kaylie!
Wow, I really need to stop doing that. Kaylie, Kaylie, Kaylie...
I know this a lot to handle but I think you're a really amazing old woman.
When I met you six decade from now,
I was really taken back with how well you and I clicked.
There was just this chemistry, you know? But the age difference was a bit much.
So I thought  - hey - if we get along so well now, I bet if we were the same age
we would be the perfect couple.
Woah, woah.
What year were you born?
2050?
Yeah, the year the Cubs finally win the world series.
But -
Look, maybe seeing some images of us will make you feel better.
Hey Stuart I got you someth -
Video Menu
I found my grandma's old BlueRay player
and set it up in your room so we could watch all those old high defs.
I think it's working. I've never tried the selfie droning mode.
Oh, you hit power. Power.
Oh my god. That's me.
Here we are at your bone density screening.
I love that dress on you. Do you have that yet?
No...
And look! Here's your 90th birthday party.
Who are you?
Happy Birthday!
What?
Okay, you know what - ah -
this is too weird.
I can't - uh - I -
I was planning on having sex with you tonight.
Really? That's great.
No! Not great!
It would be super weird to be naked in front of you now.
No, it'll be fine.
I see you naked every day when I give you your morning sponge bath.
Gross!
Kaylie, do you know how many people end up dating their nurses?
This is different Stuart! It's not like we met in physical therapy.
We would never be normal.
I would never meet your friends or your family or your parents!
You could meet my grandparents -
my grandma actually attends the Jr. High right by your apartment.
Jesus! I'm older than your grandmother!
We can make this work. You and me. We can do this.
Next week, you're going to get that job at the Marriott
and they give you this really great plaque when you retire.
50 years of service -
It's just like that Jay Weatherman's - Jay Weatherman...
Oh my god. Our waiter is Jay Weatherman, the famous musician!
- The what? The reception job?
- He's going to become the godfather of psych-rock in a few years.
When I retire? (He's huge!)
What about my - my photography career?
Sort of thought that was a hobby you used to have.
Okay. Nope. Uh. I'm done. I'm done.
I can't. I just cant.
Okay, where are you going?
Look, I don't know why you thought coming back in time
and lying to me about who you were
and then just unloading every little, grizzly detail about my life
was going to work out well for you romantically
but I am NOT that old lady that you knew.
I don't want to BE that old lady that you knew.
You should have stayed in your own time.
You would have had a better shot with me then.
Ew, no that's gross. / Well I might be into it...
No... I just -
you're a creep and I will see you in fifty years!
Here you are, sir.
Keep it up, man. The bands going to make it.
Band?
Stuart, it looked like you were attempting to access -
Oh? Did she go?
Oh, Stuart. Oh, buddy.
Oh poodle-do. Oh poodle baby Stuart.
I'm not good in these situations.
I'm sorry your date didn't work out.
Alright, ready? Yes. One, two, three....
Yay! Yay! You did it! She did it! Yay!
I'm having a really delightful time with you tonight, young man.
Yeah, oh you used to think so anyway.
Do you know where my purse is?
Let me just get this straight.
In the year 2075, I'm a single, retired, hotel worker with no children living in a state funded nursing home.
Yes.
You are a man who not only enjoyed spending time with me as a doddering old lady,
but you also decided to dangerously travel back in time to go on a date with me.
Well, yeah.
And, if things worked between us,
there's a possibility we could change that future?
Absolutely.
I need you to forget the future you know.
We're going to make our own future.
Deal?
Deal.
Let's go.
Can I just say one thing?
What?
I just really want you to take better care of your teeth this time around.
Stuart.
You have really beautiful teeth.
No, stop, not okay, not okay.